Improve documentation of Presto Resource Groups (#20750)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/resource-groups.rst

* ``maxQueued`` (required): The maximum number of queries that can be queued in the resource group.
  If this limit is reached, new queries will be rejected.

* ``hardCpuLimit`` (optional): maximum amount of CPU time this
  group may use in a period.

* ``softMemoryLimit`` (required): The maximum amount of memory that the resource group can use.
  This can be specified in absolute terms (like "10GB") or as a percentage of the total available
  memory (like "50%").

* ``hardConcurrencyLimit`` (required): The maximum number of queries that the resource group
  can run concurrently.

* ``softConcurrencyLimit`` (optional): The soft limit on the number of concurrent queries.
  If this limit is exceeded, the scheduler will try to prevent new queries from starting,
  but it won't force running queries to stop.

* ``softCpuLimit`` (optional): maximum amount of CPU time this
  group may use in a period (see ``cpuQuotaPeriod``), before a penalty is applied to
  the maximum number of running queries. ``hardCpuLimit`` must also be specified.

* ``schedulingPolicy`` (optional): The policy that determines how queries are scheduled within the resource group.

>   This can be set to "fair", "weighted", "weighted_fair" or "query_priority". May be one of four values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can be set to ``fair``, ``weighted``, ``weighted_fair`` or ``query_priority``. May be one of four values:
```

   * ``fair`` (default): queued queries are processed first-in-first-out, and sub-groups
     must take turns starting new queries, if they have any queued.

   * ``weighted_fair``: sub-groups are selected based on their ``schedulingWeight`` and the number of
     queries they are already running concurrently. The expected share of running queries for a
     sub-group is computed based on the weights for all currently eligible sub-groups. The sub-group
     with the least concurrency relative to its share is selected to start the next query.

   * ``weighted``: queued queries are selected stochastically in proportion to their priority,
     specified via the ``query_priority`` :doc:`session property </sql/set-session>`. Sub groups are selected
     to start new queries in proportion to their ``schedulingWeight``.

   * ``query_priority``: all sub-groups must also be configured with ``query_priority``.
     Queued queries are selected strictly according to their priority.

> * ``schedulingWeight`` (optional): The weight for the resource group when the parent group uses the "weighted"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``schedulingWeight`` (optional): The weight for the resource group when the parent group uses the ``weighted``
```

  scheduling policy. A higher weight means that the group gets a larger share of the parent group's
  resources.

> * ``jmxExport`` (optional):  If set to true, the statistics of the resource group will be exported via JMX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``jmxExport`` (optional):  If set to ``true``, the statistics of the resource group will be exported via JMX.
```

  Defaults to ``false``.

* ``subGroups`` (optional): list of sub-groups.A list of sub-groups within the resource group.
  Each sub-group can have its own set of properties.

.. _scheduleweight-example:

Scheduling Weight Example
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Schedule weighting is a method of assigning a priority to a resource. Sub-groups
with a higher scheduling weight are given higher priority. For example, to
ensure timely execution of scheduled pipelines queries, weight them higher than
adhoc queries.
The scheduling weight in PrestoDB's Resource Groups is used when the parent group's

> scheduling policy is set to ``weighted``. It determines how resources are distributed

Reviewer: Does "It determines how resources are distributed among the subgroups. " add to the meaning in this paragraph, or does it repeat what is already said? 

Consider if you can delete this sentence and the paragraph still means what you want it to say.

among the subgroups. A higher weight means that the group gets a larger share of the parent group's resources.

Here's an example:

Let's say we have a root resource group ``global`` with two subgroups: ``engineering`` and ``marketing``.
The ``engineering`` subgroup has a scheduling weight of 3, and the ``marketing`` subgroup has a
scheduling weight of 1. In this setup, the engineering subgroup will get 75% of the
parent group's resources (because 3 is 75% of the total weight of 4), and the "marketing" subgroup will
get 25% of the parent group's resources (because 1 is 25% of the total weight of 4).

> This allows you to prioritize certain subgroups over others in terms of resource allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schedule weighting allows you to prioritize certain subgroups over others in terms of resource allocation.
```
Sometimes "This" can be vague and readers are not sure what is meant by it. Is "Schedule weighting" the correct meaning of "This" in this sentence?

Any changes to the file require a restart of the Presto server to take effect.

Database-Based Resource Management
----------------------------------

In a database-based resource manager, configuration information about the resource groups is stored in a relational
database. The database contains definitions of all resource groups and the rules to select them.
Unlike the file-based resource manager, changes to the configuration in the database take effect
immediately and do not require a restart of the Presto server.

Setting Up File-Based Resource Management
-----------------------------------------

Create a JSON file with the definitions of your resource groups and rules.
Specify the location of this file in the Presto server's configuration file
under the property ``resource-groups.config-file``.

Setting Up Database-Based Resource Management
---------------------------------------------

Set up a relational database that Presto can access.
Create tables in the database for resource groups and selection rules.
Specify the database's JDBC URL in the Presto server's configuration file
under the property ``resource-groups.config-db-url``.

> Both methods have their pros and cons. File-based resource management is simpler to set up but less flexible,

Reviewer: I suggest moving this paragraph as a new second paragraph in Database-Based Resource Management. This explains the pros and cons of the two methods, and should be before the reader commits to choosing one in the Setting Up... sections.

JDBC URL of your database.

The database resource group manager loads the configuration from a relational database. The
supported databases are MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle.

.. code-block:: text

    resource-groups.configuration-manager=db
    resource-groups.config-db-url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/resource_groups
    resource-groups.config-db-user=username
    resource-groups.config-db-password=password

Here's an example of what the tables in your database might look like:

Resource Groups Table
---------------------

``resource_group_id`` : The ID of the resource group.
name: The name of the resource group.

``soft_memory_limit``: The maximum amount of memory that the resource group can use.
max_queued: The maximum number of queued queries that the resource group can have.

``hard_concurrency_limit``: The maximum number of queries that the resource group can run concurrently.

Selectors Table
-----------------

``resource_group_id``: The ID of the resource group that this selector applies to.

``user_regex``: A regex pattern that matches the user names for this selector.

``source_regex``: A regex pattern that matches the source names for this selector.

> With the Database Resource Group Manager, changes to the configuration in the database

Reviewer: This seems to repeat the content of lines 109-111, the first paragraph after the heading "Database Resource Group Manager". I suggest you delete this paragraph. 

But I like the way you describe it here. So I suggest that before you delete it here, compare these words to 109-111. Consider revising 109-111 with some or all of the words here. 
Decide which version best describes what you want to say and use the first version in 109-111, the second version here, or a combination of the two.

     specified via the ``query_priority`` :doc:`session property </sql/set-session>`. Sub groups are selected
     to start new queries in proportion to their ``schedulingWeight``.

   * ``query_priority``: all sub-groups must also be configured with ``query_priority``.
     Queued queries are selected strictly according to their priority.

* ``schedulingWeight`` (optional): The weight for the resource group when the parent group uses the "weighted"
  scheduling policy. A higher weight means that the group gets a larger share of the parent group's
  resources.

* ``jmxExport`` (optional):  If set to true, the statistics of the resource group will be exported via JMX.
  Defaults to ``false``.

* ``subGroups`` (optional): list of sub-groups.A list of sub-groups within the resource group.
  Each sub-group can have its own set of properties.

.. _scheduleweight-example:

Scheduling Weight Example
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Schedule weighting is a method of assigning a priority to a resource. Sub-groups
with a higher scheduling weight are given higher priority. For example, to
ensure timely execution of scheduled pipelines queries, weight them higher than

> adhoc queries. The scheduling weight in PrestoDB's Resource Groups is used when the parent group's

Reviewer: suggest adding a line after "adhoc queries" to make the next sentence a new paragraph, making it easier to read.

The ``engineering`` subgroup has a scheduling weight of 3, and the ``marketing`` subgroup has a
scheduling weight of 1. In this setup, the engineering subgroup will get 75% of the
parent group's resources (because 3 is 75% of the total weight of 4), and the "marketing" subgroup will
get 25% of the parent group's resources (because 1 is 25% of the total weight of 4).

This allows you to prioritize certain subgroups over others in terms of resource allocation.
In this example, queries from the ``engineering`` subgroup will be prioritized over queries
from the ``marketing`` subgroup.

.. literalinclude:: schedule-weight-example.json
    :language: text

Selector Rules
--------------

Here are the key components of selector rules in PrestoDB:

* ``group`` (required): This is the name of the resource group where the query will be routed.

* ``user`` (optional): This is a regular expression that matches the user who is submitting the query.

* ``userGroup`` (optional): regex to match against every user group the user belongs to.

* ``source`` (optional): This matches the source of the query, which is typically the
  application submitting the query.

> * ``queryType`` (optional): This specifies the type of the query such as READ, WRITE, or MANAGE.

Reviewer: I'm seeing the same too-indented formatting as above. 

first screenshot is what I'm seeing local build from the current file 
<img width="823" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-07 at 11 38 56 AM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/3bc12392-8595-4d91-a4a8-35e1cf5ab831">

second screenshot is built from my edited file of how I think this section should display
<img width="814" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-07 at 11 39 37 AM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/dc8de32b-2249-4441-886e-72e8eff3fc0e">

    INSERT INTO resource_groups (name, soft_memory_limit, hard_concurrency_limit, max_queued, scheduling_policy, jmx_export, environment) VALUES ('global', '80%', 100, 1000, 'weighted', true, 'test_environment');

    -- get ID of 'global' group
    SELECT resource_group_id FROM resource_groups WHERE name = 'global';  -- 1
    -- create two new groups with 'global' as parent
    INSERT INTO resource_groups (name, soft_memory_limit, hard_concurrency_limit, max_queued, scheduling_weight, environment, parent) VALUES ('data_definition', '10%', 5, 100, 1, 'test_environment', 1);
    INSERT INTO resource_groups (name, soft_memory_limit, hard_concurrency_limit, max_queued, scheduling_weight, environment, parent) VALUES ('adhoc', '10%', 50, 1, 10, 'test_environment', 1);

    -- get ID of 'adhoc' group
    SELECT resource_group_id FROM resource_groups WHERE name = 'adhoc';   -- 3

    -- create 'other' group with 'adhoc' as parent
    INSERT INTO resource_groups (name, soft_memory_limit, hard_concurrency_limit, max_queued, scheduling_weight, scheduling_policy, environment, parent) VALUES ('other', '10%', 2, 1, 10, 'weighted_fair', 'test_environment', 3);

> --In below examples, three selectors are created for user1, user2, and user3 respectively.

Reviewer: I suggest you look at the formatting of the content at the bottom of the page beginning at this line. Is this how you want it to look, with dashes at the beginning of the sentences and the indentation creating the vertical bar? 

Also, consider formatting named items such as resource_group_id, resource_groups, and user_regex as code with `` before and after. 

<img width="836" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-07 at 11 47 40 AM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/f59e51b6-1a4c-43ab-9547-83c976e96060">

The resource_group_id is retrieved using a SELECT statement from the resource_groups table
where the name matches the user name. The user_regex is set to match the respective user name and
the priority is set to 1, 2, and 3 respectively.

> Please note that you would need to have the respective resource groups (i.e., user1, user2, user3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that you would need to have the respective resource groups (that is, user1, user2, user3)
```

It is recommended to not use Latin abbreviations, such as i.e., e.g., or &. 
- For i.e, use that is. 
- For e.g., it is recommended to use for example, such as, for instance, or like instead. 
- For &, use and instead, unless you are documenting a UI element that uses an &.

Above advice taken from the [GitLab docs Recommended Word list](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list.html#ie).

If you would, please make this change throughout the file.

it does not cause running queries to fail; instead new queries become queued.
A resource group may have sub-groups or may accept queries, but may not do both.

In PrestoDB, Resource Groups are a powerful tool for managing query execution and resource allocation.
They allow administrators to control how resources are allocated and utilized on a Presto cluster.

Resource Usage Limits: Resource Groups can set limits on resource usage, such as CPU time, memory usage, or total
number of queries.This is particularly useful in multi-tenant environments where you want to ensure that no single user
or query monopolizes the system resources.

Queueing Policies: Resource Groups can enforce queueing policies on the queries that run within them.
This means that if a resource group has reached its resource limits, new queries will be placed into a queue rather
than being executed immediately. This prevents resource exhaustion and ensures that resources are shared fairly

> among all queries.

Author: Few will be running queries and few wll be put to queue as the cocurrent will be get executed queued will execute./Anyways i removed

Resource Consumption: A query belongs to a single resource group, and it consumes resources from that group,

> as well as its parent groups.If a resource group runs out of a certain resource, it does not cause running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as well as its parent groups. If a resource group runs out of a certain resource, it does not cause running
```

queries to fail. Instead, new queries will be queued until resources become available again.

Sub-Groups and Query Acceptance: A resource group can either have sub-groups or accept queries, but it cannot do both.
Sub-groups allow for hierarchical resource allocation, where each sub-group can have its own resource limits and

> queueing policies.On the other hand, a resource group that accepts queries directly is a leaf group, and it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
queueing policies. On the other hand, a resource group that accepts queries directly is a leaf group, and it
```

executes queries using its allocated resources.

In summary, Resource Groups in PrestoDB provide a flexible and effective way to manage resource allocation and
query execution on a Presto cluster. They help ensure that resources are used efficiently and fairly,

> improving the overall performance and stability of the system.

Reviewer 3: I would remove, there is not a lot of content in this paragraph.

Presto resource management can be done in two ways: File-based and Database-based.

``File-Based Resource Management``

In a file-based resource manager, configuration information about the resource groups is stored in a JSON file.
This file contains definitions of all resource groups and the rules to select them.
The configuration file is loaded and used at the start of the Presto server.
Any changes to the file require a restart of the Presto server to take effect.

``Database-Based Resource Management``

In a database-based resource manager, configuration information about the resource groups is stored in a relational
database. The database contains definitions of all resource groups and the rules to select them.
Unlike the file-based resource manager, changes to the configuration in the database take effect
immediately and do not require a restart of the Presto server.

``Setting Up File-Based Resource Management``

Create a JSON file with the definitions of your resource groups and rules.
Specify the location of this file in the Presto server's configuration file
under the property ``resource-groups.config-file``.

> ``Setting Up Database-Based Resource Management``

Reviewer 3: Can you please collapse above sections into the below

Create a JSON file: This file should contain the definitions for your resource groups.
Each resource group can specify things like the maximum memory, the maximum queued queries,
and the maximum running queries.

Specify the file in the Presto configuration: In the etc directory of your Presto installation,
create a file named ``resource-groups.properties``. In this file, add a line that specifies the location of
your JSON file: ``resource-groups.config-file``=<file_path>, where <file_path> is the path to your JSON file.

Restart the Presto server: After creating the JSON file and pointing to it in the Presto configuration,
you need to restart your Presto server. The new resource groups will take effect after the restart.

.. code-block:: text

    resource-groups.configuration-manager=file
    resource-groups.config-file=etc/resource-groups.json

Database Resource Group Manager
-------------------------------
The Database Resource Group Manager in PrestoDB is a way to manage resources using a relational database.
This allows dynamic changes to the resource group configurations without needing to restart
the Presto server.

Here's a brief guide on how to set it up:

> Set up a relational database: The database should be accessible by Presto.

Reviewer 3: More details on schema

It will be used to store the configurations of your resource groups.

Create tables for resource groups and selection rules: You need to create tables in the
database that will store the definitions of your resource groups and the rules for selecting
the appropriate resource group for a given query.

> Specify the database in the Presto configuration: In the etc directory of your Presto installation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the database in the Presto configuration: In the ``etc`` directory of your Presto installation,
```

create a file named ``resource-groups.properties``. In this file, add a line that specifies
the JDBC URL of your database: ``resource-groups.config-db-url``=<jdbc_url>, where <jdbc_url> is the
JDBC URL of your database.

The database resource group manager loads the configuration from a relational database. The
supported databases are MySQL, PostgreSQL, and Oracle.

.. code-block:: text

    resource-groups.configuration-manager=db
    resource-groups.config-db-url=jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/resource_groups
    resource-groups.config-db-user=username
    resource-groups.config-db-password=password

Here's an example of what the tables in your database might look like:

> ``Resource Groups Table``

Reviewer: Consider formatting _Resource Groups Table_ and _Selectors Table_ as sub-level headers. When these are formatted like the items in them (resource_group_id, soft_memory_limit), they look like part of the list of items and not a title for the list of items. 

<img width="750" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-05 at 3 04 13 PM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/ac72b9fa-7c25-4c4a-83ad-e1ad0750f1b7">

Here are the key properties that can be set for a Resource Group

* ``name`` (required): The name of the resource group. This is a mandatory property.

* ``maxQueued`` (required): The maximum number of queries that can be queued in the resource group.
  If this limit is reached, new queries will be rejected.

* ``hardCpuLimit`` (optional): maximum amount of CPU time this
  group may use in a period.

* ``softMemoryLimit`` (required): The maximum amount of memory that the resource group can use.
  This can be specified in absolute terms (like "10GB") or as a percentage of the total available
  memory (like "50%").

* ``hardConcurrencyLimit`` (required): The maximum number of queries that the resource group
  can run concurrently.

* ``softConcurrencyLimit`` (optional): The soft limit on the number of concurrent queries.
  If this limit is exceeded, the scheduler will try to prevent new queries from starting,
  but it won't force running queries to stop.

* ``softCpuLimit`` (optional): maximum amount of CPU time this
  group may use in a period (see ``cpuQuotaPeriod``), before a penalty is applied to
  the maximum number of running queries. ``hardCpuLimit`` must also be specified.

> * ``schedulingPolicy`` (optional): The policy that determines how queries are scheduled within the resource group.

Reviewer: If you un-indent one level for the four sub-items starting with _fair_, you can remove the codeblock formatting line. 

See the difference in the two screenshots. 
**Note** unindenting in the second affect line break and vertical spacing, which I didn't change, so please adjust the four entries to show the line breaks and vertical spacing you have here. 

current code
<img width="828" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-05 at 3 08 23 PM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/fae39ea7-d7da-404a-9f3f-1b739cd14d02">

unindenting the four sub-items one (and only one) to the left
<img width="826" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-05 at 3 09 35 PM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/aa141696-6cc7-4ae0-bdb6-9bdfa6378aac">

Reviewer: If you addressed this comment, I'm not seeing the change yet. Building the docs locally from the current file still shows the vertical line in the first screenshot.

>   This can be set to "fair", "weighted", or "query_priority". May be one of three values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can be set to "fair", "weighted", "weighted_fair", or "query_priority". May be one of four values:
```

      specified via the ``query_priority`` :doc:`session property </sql/set-session>`. Sub groups are selected
      to start new queries in proportion to their ``schedulingWeight``.

    * ``query_priority``: all sub-groups must also be configured with ``query_priority``.
      Queued queries are selected strictly according to their priority.

* ``schedulingWeight`` (optional): The weight for the resource group when the parent group uses the "weighted"
  scheduling policy. A higher weight means that the group gets a larger share of the parent group's
  resources.

* ``jmxExport`` (optional):  If set to true, the statistics of the resource group will be exported via JMX.
  Defaults to ``false``.

* ``subGroups`` (optional): list of sub-groups.A list of sub-groups within the resource group.
  Each sub-group can have its own set of properties.

.. _scheduleweight-example:

Scheduling Weight Example
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Schedule weighting is a method of assigning a priority to a resource. Sub-groups
with a higher scheduling weight are given higher priority. For example, to
ensure timely execution of scheduled pipelines queries, weight them higher than

> adhoc queries.The scheduling weight in PrestoDB's Resource Groups is used when the parent group's

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
adhoc queries. The scheduling weight in PrestoDB's Resource Groups is used when the parent group's
```

> scheduling policy is set to "weighted". It determines how resources are distributed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheduling policy is set to ``weighted``. It determines how resources are distributed
```

among the subgroups. A higher weight means that the group gets a larger share of the parent group's resources.

Here's an example:

Let's say we have a root resource group ``global`` with two subgroups: ``engineering`` and ``marketing``.
The ``engineering`` subgroup has a scheduling weight of 3, and the ``marketing`` subgroup has a
scheduling weight of 1. In this setup, the engineering subgroup will get 75% of the
parent group's resources (because 3 is 75% of the total weight of 4), and the "marketing" subgroup will
get 25% of the parent group's resources (because 1 is 25% of the total weight of 4).

This allows you to prioritize certain subgroups over others in terms of resource allocation.

> In this example, queries from the "engineering" subgroup will be prioritized over queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, queries from the ``engineering`` subgroup will be prioritized over queries
```

> from the "marketing" subgroup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the ``marketing`` subgroup.
```

> ... literalinclude:: schedule-weight-example.json

Reviewer: Did you intend for this line and the next one to display as is in the documentation? 
<img width="799" alt="Screenshot 2023-09-05 at 3 21 31 PM" src="https://github.com/prestodb/presto/assets/7013443/ad08114a-844e-473f-8115-94d90302b741">

* ``userGroup`` (optional): regex to match against every user group the user belongs to.

* ``source`` (optional): This matches the source of the query, which is typically the
  application submitting the query.

* ``queryType`` (optional): This specifies the type of the query such as READ, WRITE, or MANAGE.
  String to match against the type of the query submitted:

    * ``SELECT``: ``SELECT`` queries.
    * ``EXPLAIN``: ``EXPLAIN`` queries (but not ``EXPLAIN ANALYZE``).
    * ``DESCRIBE``: ``DESCRIBE``, ``DESCRIBE INPUT``, ``DESCRIBE OUTPUT``, and ``SHOW`` queries.
    * ``INSERT``: ``INSERT``, ``CREATE TABLE AS``, and ``REFRESH MATERIALIZED VIEW`` queries.
    * ``UPDATE``: ``UPDATE`` queries.
    * ``DELETE``: ``DELETE`` queries.
    * ``ANALYZE``: ``ANALYZE`` queries.
    * ``DATA_DEFINITION``: Queries that alter/create/drop the metadata of schemas/tables/views,
      and that manage prepared statements, privileges, sessions, and transactions.

* ``clientTags`` (optional): list of tags. To match, every tag in this list must be in the list of
  client-provided tags associated with the query.

> * ``group`` (required): This is the name of the resource group where the query will be routed.

Reviewer: Consider if you want to move this component, the only required one, first in the unordered list, followed by all the optional components.

Selectors are processed sequentially and the first one that matches will be used.

Global Properties
-----------------

* ``cpuQuotaPeriod`` (optional): the period in which cpu quotas are enforced.

>   The cpuQuotaPeriod is a global property often used in container-based environments to control the amount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ``cpuQuotaPeriod`` is a global property often used in container-based environments to control the amount
```

  of CPU resources that a container can use in a specified period.

> This property is typically used in conjunction with a cpuQuota property,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is typically used in conjunction with a ``cpuQuota`` property,
```

> This property is typically used in conjunction with a cpuQuota property,

Reviewer: Is ``cpuQuota`` also a global property like ``cpuQuotaPeriod``? If yes, consider revising this line to add ``cpuQuota`` as a new unordered list item. 

Also, consider adding a line explaining what the values are for these two properties. Maybe something like "The value of ``cpuQuota`` and ``cpuQuotaPeriod`` is the number of microseconds of CPU time."

> which specifies the total amount of CPU time that the container can use during each cpuQuotaPeriod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which specifies the total amount of CPU time that the container can use during each ``cpuQuotaPeriod``.
```

> For example, if cpuQuota is set to 100000 and cpuQuotaPeriod is set to 200000,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if ``cpuQuota`` is set to 100000 and ``cpuQuotaPeriod`` is set to 200000,
```

> the container can use up to 50% of a single CPU core over each 200 millisecond period.This is useful

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the container can use up to 50% of a single CPU core over each 200 millisecond period. This is useful
```
